UX Guideline: add responsive table layout and agentic UX style (#9239)
Azure/azure-dev: cli/azd/docs/style-guidelines/responsive-layout-style-guide.md

Primary list-command output — such as `azd tool list`, `azd tool check`, `azd extension list` (and its alias `azd ext list`), `azd extension source list`, `azd template list`, `azd template source list`, and `azd copilot consent list` — renders through the shared responsive formatter. 

The shared component is `output.PrettyTableFormatter`, configured via `output.PrettyTableFormatterOptions`.

- Formatter & breakpoint logic: [`pkg/output/pretty_table.go`](../../pkg/output/pretty_table.go)
- Column & option types: [`pkg/output/pretty_table_types.go`](../../pkg/output/pretty_table_types.go)
- Table rendering: [`pkg/output/pretty_table_table.go`](../../pkg/output/pretty_table_table.go)
- Stacked-row rendering: [`pkg/output/pretty_table_cards.go`](../../pkg/output/pretty_table_cards.go)
- Width/layout math: [`pkg/output/pretty_table_layout.go`](../../pkg/output/pretty_table_layout.go)

> Reference implementations: `azd tool list` in [`cmd/tool.go`](../../cmd/tool.go), `azd extension list` in [`cmd/extension.go`](../../cmd/extension.go). Model new list commands on these.

## Responsive Breakpoints

> The formatter selects one of three layouts from the current terminal width (`resolveBreakpoint`). Defaults live in `pretty_table_types.go` and can be overridden per command via `FullThreshold` / `CompactThreshold`.

Reviewer: `ForceCards` skips these breakpoints entirely, and one of the commands listed at the top of this guide uses it. `cmd/templates.go:173` sets `ForceCards: true`, and the formatter returns before `resolveBreakpoint` runs:

```go
// pkg/output/pretty_table.go:55
if options.ForceCards {
    return f.formatGroupedCards(parsed, rows, termWidth, writer, options)
}

switch resolveBreakpoint(termWidth, options) {
```

So `azd template list` renders stacked rows at any terminal width. Worth a sentence here, otherwise someone models a new command on it and expects a full table on a wide terminal.

- **Headings are UPPERCASE**.
- Truncation keeps at least 5 visible characters, and wrapping uses at most 2 lines.
- **`CardTitle`** selects the blue heading for each block in the stacked-row layout.
- **`CardGroupColumn`** must match a defined column heading. It groups stacked rows under section headers, preserves input order, and does **not** sort; sort rows before formatting.
- **`ResponsiveColumnHint: true`** adds the header-only `···` marker at the compact breakpoint when columns are dropped. The compact hint includes `Showing N of M columns...`; when only truncation occurs, including in the full layout, the hint contains only the resize/JSON guidance.

## Header, Spacing, and Status Styling

- **Header row**: bold high-white (`color.New(color.Bold, color.FgHiWhite)`, equivalent to `WithBold`), followed by a **gray** underline rule (`WithGrayFormat`).
- **Column spacing**: a fixed `columnPadding` (3 spaces). **No box-drawing separators** and **no `tabwriter`** in primary list-command output; detail screens and operation previews may use their established formatting patterns.

> - **Empty values**: in the **table** layouts, render a literal `-` for a missing value (e.g. `INSTALLED` with no installed version). This is done in the column's `ValueTemplate` (e.g. `{{if .Version}}{{.Version}}{{else}}-{{end}}`), not automatically by the formatter. In the **stacked-row** layout, empty fields are omitted rather than shown as `-`.

Reviewer: Following this literally gives you `-` in stacked rows, not omission.

`writeCardBody` drops a field only when the resolved value is the empty string:

```go
// pkg/output/pretty_table_cards.go
val := rd.values[cf.col.Heading]
if val == "" {
    continue
}
```

and `resolveCardRows` falls back to `ValueTemplate` whenever `CardValueTemplate` is nil. So a column carrying only `{{if .Version}}{{.Version}}{{else}}-{{end}}` resolves to `-`, which is non-empty, and the card prints `INSTALLED:  -`.

That's why both reference implementations set the card template separately (`cmd/tool.go:465`, `cmd/extension.go:446`). This is the one detail a new list command is most likely to get wrong, so it's worth spelling out here.

```suggestion
- **Empty values**: in the **table** layouts, render a literal `-` for a missing value (e.g. `INSTALLED` with no installed version). This is done in the column's `ValueTemplate` (e.g. `{{if .Version}}{{.Version}}{{else}}-{{end}}`), not automatically by the formatter. In the **stacked-row** layout, empty fields are omitted, but only if you also set `CardValueTemplate` to resolve to an empty string (e.g. `{{if .Version}}{{.Version}}{{end}}`). Without it the card falls back to `ValueTemplate` and prints `-`.
```
